Hey :D

I'm hosting a deck-building competition, that is going to be a little bit different.


	How does it work?
You build a deck, that will then compete against all other entered decks. The catch is, that the playing is completly automated by a bot in a simulated version of the game.
The bot plays completly randomly, except that it tries to play as many cards as it can every turn. 
To counter all of this randomness, every deck will play against every other deck a few thousand times (depending on how many join) per ruleset. The averare win percentage is the score.


	What are the rulesets?
Rulesets are featured arenas + energy & power rules. There will be at least five different rulesets.
One or more will not be revealed, but the four, that will definitly be use are: 
___ See Screenshots ____


	What's the prize? (*)
One mythic of your choice between Area 51, El Dorado and Loch Ness Monster + Any one duplicate card in my collection
First place picks a mythic and dupe first, then second place and third place gets the last mythic (+ any one dupe)
Bonus prize: Any one of my dupes for any deck I think is really creative, unusual or fun!


	How to enter?
To enter you simply compile a deck of any 18 cards (you do not have to own the cards yourself) and send me a private message with the exact names or their IDs. 
Example: "Korean Turtle Ships, Emerald Tree Boa, Labrador Retriever, English Bulldog, ..., Blanet" OR "OWA022, LRE015, LDG002, LDG003, ..., SOD032"
You can enter up to 3 decks, but you can only win one of the prizes. If you do enter more than one deck, please also tell me, which one is your favourite, 
as I might have to go down to 1 deck per person, depending on how many people join.


	When does it conclude?
You have until the __th of July at 12pm CEST to enter. (timeanddate link ___)
After that I will need a few days (hopefully only one or two) to run the simulations and announce the winners!


	Why am I doing this?
In case you are curious why I'm doing such a strange competition, the tl;dr is that I'm writing my bachelors thesis about automated deck-building using a genetic algorithm with changing rulesets.
So far the results are meh and one of the problems is that I need a solid baseline to compare the generated decks against. 
But usual decks often need a smart player to be effectiv, so I need special simple to play all-rounder decks and my deck-building skills are mediocre at best. 
Also, this seems like a fun thing to do ^^


(*) Also, I might be able to give anybody, whose deck I end up using, a shoutout in my thesis. But I'm not sure how this mention will look and of course only if you want. 
    I'm planning to use the Top 5-10 best performing decks + around 5-10 good and interesting decks I pick, so there is a variaty of deck types.